# Microsoft Graph with PowerShell 101

## Abstract

In this follow-along, we will explore Graph automation by creating a Microsoft Entra app registration, an Azure Automation runbook to check your other Entra apps for expired certificate or credential secrets. All purely PowerShell, of course.

This session is ideal for people new to Entra and Graph, but also for intermediate users. We will explore the differences between Enterprise Apps and App Registrations, Delegated and Application permissions as well as authentication flows.

To make the most of this follow-along, be sure to create your own, free Entra tenant to try out all that stuff. If you cannot create a tenant, credentials with a very minimal set of permissions will be given to you, and your experience will be a little less interesting.

***
**Table of contents**
1. [Requirements](#requirements)
   - [Hard](#hard-requirements-to-follow-along)
   - [Soft](#requirements-to-follow-along-until-the-bitter-end)
1. [Start](#your-journey-begins-here)
   1. [Intro](#intro)
   1. [Goal](#the-goal)
   1. [Configuring the environment](#prerequisites)
   1. [App Registrations and Enterprise Applications](#app-registrations-and-enterprise-applications)
   1. [Scopes and Roles](#scopes-and-roles)
   1. [Consent](#consent)
   1. [All the secrets](#all-the-secrets)
   1. [OData Query parameters](#odata-query-parameters)
   1. [Bringing it all together](#bringing-it-all-together)
   1. [Closing remarks](#closing-remarks)
***

# Requirements

## Hard requirements to follow along

The following items are **required** to follow along. I recommend creating your own Entra tenant if
you haven't done so yet. Entra is free, an so is testing many Graph operations.

- Linux/Windows
- PowerShell 7
- Entra tenant (free): https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/quickstart-create-new-tenant
  - Credit Card required to sign up, no charges apply! Azure is not AWS :wink:
  - A very limited identity in the trainer's tenant can be requested during the follow-along

## Requirements to follow along until the bitter end

To be able to fully follow along including using Workload Identity Federation, a GitHub account
is required.

# Your journey begins here

## Intro

Microsoft Graph is our primary way of automating all those tedious tasks
in Entra ID. Our main goal during this follow along is to establish a Graph
app used for automation purposes.

We will briefly explore Graph X-Ray and the Graph Explorer before heading knee-deep
into the documentation to fish out the bits we need.

Be warned: We will mainly stay in the cozy confines of PowerShell! The various portals
should always be the last resort...

## The Goal

- Create an App Registration that
   - Can be used by a help desk to interactively reset authentication methods (In the trainer tenant: Only Windows Hello)
   - Can be used in a pipeline or Automation Runbook to non-interactively report expired Application secrets 


## Prerequisites

To be able to work with Microsoft Graph, you don't need the 1GiB of autogenerated code that is `Microsoft.Graph` (Microsoft.Graph 1GiB, Microsoft.Entra 0.3GiB). In this session,
we will be using EntraAuth (0.0001GiB...). Let's go ahead and install what we need:

`Install-Module Az.Accounts, EntraAuth -Scope CurrentUser`

For convenience, we also install Az.Accounts. This allows you to use your Azure credentials to also sign-in to
the module EntraAuth and the default Graph app.

While not strictly required, it does help with setting up Entra resources without creating a specific app registration up front.

## App Registrations and Enterprise Applications

To be able to authenticate with a specific set of permissions, either interactively or non-interactively,
we always need an Application in Entra. Does it have to be your tenant, though? Let's see:

- Application
   - Describes how to connect
   - Describes which permissions are available
   - Describes its own roles and scopes
   - Specifies credentials to connect, if required
   - Lives in the remote tenant (!) that is offering e.g. a SaaS product
- Enterprise Application (Service Principal)
  - Describes who is allowed to connect
  - Describes if and how the Application is available in the home tenant
  - Lives in the home tenant that consumes a resource from the remote tenant
  - Also created for each System and User-Assigned Managed Identity

So, without further ado, let's start!

1. The API resource we're using is the [application](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/applications-api-overview?view=graph-rest-1.0)
1. In order to `Create` an application, we can use...
   <details>
   <summary>Which method?</summary>

   [Create](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-post-applications?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http)
   </details>
1. Sign-in to Azure, using `Connect-AzAccount`
1. Sign-in to Graph, using `Connect-EntraService -Service Graph -AsAzAccount`
1. Build the app body. The app should have the display name "PSConf Anniversary: Graph 101"
   <details>
   <summary>Hint</summary>

   Explore the API resource <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/application?view=graph-rest-1.0>
   Similar to PowerShell objects, Graph resoures have Properties and Methods.

   Our Body thus becomes
   ```powershell
    $body = @{
        displayName = "PSConf Anniversary: Graph 101"
    }
   ```
   </details>
1. To be able to sign-in to an Application using the interactive Token Auth (Browser) flow, we need to configure the
   authentication platform. Our application, when used interactively, acts as a public client. Thus, we
   configure exactly that.
   <details>
   <summary>Hint</summary>

   Our Body becomes
   ```powershell
    $body = @{
    displayName            = "PSConf Anniversary: Graph 101"
    publicClient           = @{
        redirectUris = @(
            'http://localhost'
        )
      }
    }
   ```
   </details>
1. This configuration is enough to enable browser-based auth. To enable Device Code Auth, we can also
   configure the property `isFallbackPublicClient = $true`.
1. To publish the application, we're using `Invoke-EntraRequest` - but how? And with which method?
   <details>
   <summary>Hint</summary>

   The Parameter `Path` expects an API path relative to the API source.
   In our case this is `application`.
   Reading the docs or guessing informs us that the method to use is `POST` - not unusual with REST APIs.  

   The full call would be `$app = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path applications -Method Post -Body $body -ContentType application/json`
   </details>
1. Congratulations! Creating App Registrations is quite simple, isn't it? Make a note of the application id: `$app.appId`

>Note: Signing in to this application is currently not possible, since we requested no resource access to e.g. Graph

## Scopes and Roles

To be able to use the app for anything losely related to automation, we should add the roles/scopes we require. Why
the distinction, again?

OAuth2 Permission Scopes describe the delegated permissions available to interactive users.
Roles describe application roles available to non-interactive users, i.e. applications.

So, where do we get started while looking for resources? Well, the authoritative source
is always best: <https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/permissions-reference>. Merrill Fernando, the principal product manager for Entra,
also provides an excellent overview: <https://graphpermissions.merill.net/permission/>

That being said, the [Graph X-Ray extension](https://graphxray.merill.net/) is an excellent
start if you want to migrate away from ClickOps. Remember the script export feature in various
Microsoft tools? Yeah - Graph X-Ray will give you that.

The other tool that can help explore the Graph API is [Graph Explorer](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/graph-explorer).
It includes some sample calls with sample data, but can be connected to your own tenant.

Too much UIs are bad for you, so let's get back to the CLI!

1. Examining the application we registered earlier, it exposes the property `requiredResourceAccess`. Following
   the API doc for [the property](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/requiredresourceaccess?view=graph-rest-1.0) and
   the [resourceAccess collection](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/resourceaccess?view=graph-rest-1.0) we can see
   that we need the resource object ID. But what is the resource?

   The resource refers to the service principal in your home tenant. While the Graph Application always has the client ID `00000003-0000-0000-c000-000000000000`,
   the service principal is unique in your tenant.
1. We start by finding the resource ID, that is: The service principal in our tenant. Since we know the app ID, we can query the
   servicePrincipal API:

   ```powershell
   $graphAppId = '00000003-0000-0000-c000-000000000000'
   $graphServicePrincipal = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "servicePrincipals(appId='$graphAppId')"
   ```
1. To programatically look for scopes and roles without ever leaving PowerShell, examine the properties `oauth2PermissionScopes` and `appRoles`!
   
   ```powershell
   $graphServicePrincipal.oAuth2PermissionScopes
   $graphServicePrincipal.appRoles
   ```
1. Our delegated permission has to do with Hello and Authentication. Let's have a look!
   
   ```powershell
   # Delegated - Meaning: Scope!
   $graphServicePrincipal.oAuth2PermissionScopes | Where value -match Hello
   ```
1. The previous command should return 4 scopes. In our help desk scenario, `UserAuthMethod-WindowsHello.ReadWrite.All` sounds like a good fit. Notice
   that the id of the permission is exactly the same as in the Graph API docs. Use it to prepare the first entry for our required resource access hash!
   
   ```powershell
   # Delegated - Meaning: Scope!
   $delegate = $graphServicePrincipal.oAuth2PermissionScopes | Where value -eq UserAuthMethod-WindowsHello.ReadWrite.All
   $body = @{
      displayName            = "PSConf Anniversary: Graph 101"
      publicClient           = @{
         redirectUris = @(
               'http://localhost'
         )
      }
      requiredResourceAccess = @(@{
         resourceAppId  = $graphServicePrincipal.appId
         resourceAccess = @(
               @{
                  id   = $delegate.id
                  type = "Scope"
               }
         )
      })
   }
   ```
1. Let's do something very similar to find our application permission. The app should export expired app secrets in an unattended job, leading
   to `Application.Read.All`.

   ```powershell
   $role = $graphServicePrincipal.appRoles | Where value -eq Application.Read.All
   $body.requiredResourceAccess[0].resourceAccess += @{
      id   = $role.id
      type = "Role"
   }
   ```
1. Your table should look similar to:

   ```json
   {
   "requiredResourceAccess": [
      {
         "resourceAccess": [
         {
            "type": "Scope",
            "id": "13eae17d-aaa4-47b8-aaee-0eb33c6e2450"
         },
         {
            "type": "Role",
            "id": "9a5d68dd-52b0-4cc2-bd40-abcf44ac3a30"
         }
         ],
         "resourceAppId": "00000003-0000-0000-c000-000000000000"
      }
   ],
   "publicClient": {
      "redirectUris": [
         "http://localhost"
      ]
   },
   "displayName": "PSConf Anniversary: Graph 101"
   }
   ```
1. With that done, we can update the application using the HTTP-method `PATCH` and the application's object id or application id:
   
   `Invoke-EntraRequest -Method Patch -Path applications/$graph`
1. Either GET the app again or view the portal to verify that the app permissions have indeed been requested and not yet been consented to.
1. Congratulations! You're well on your way to actually automate some things using the Graph API!

Next up: Consent!

## Consent

Consent in Entra ID comes two-fold, admin consent and user consent, and describes the state of your application as in: Has
it been approved to use its requested scopes/roles?

If admin consent is not required, for example for `User.Read`, the user may consent themselves. This also depends on your tenant's settings.
For other, more far-reaching permissions, admin consent may be required, like for our delegated permission `UserAuthMethod-WindowsHello.ReadWrite.All`.

In our case, both permissions require admin consent.

1. We start with the easy one, granting app role assignments. Looking at [the docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/serviceprincipal-post-approleassignments?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http) tells
   us that we need three pieces of information, the resource id, principal ID and app role id.
   
   The resource id in our case is the Graph **Service Principal** since we require resource access in our home tenant.
   The principal id is the object id of our applications' service principal
   The app role id is what we already retrieved in the last section
1. With this information, we can start building our request:

   ```powershell
   $appServicePrincipal = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "servicePrincipals(appid='cdc0925b-d7eb-49c8-bc92-980dc5da44b2')"
   $graphApp = '00000003-0000-0000-c000-000000000000'
   $graphServicePrincipal = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "servicePrincipals(appId='$graphApp')"
   $role = $graphServicePrincipal.appRoles | Where value -eq Application.Read.All
   $roleAssignment = @{
      principalId = $appServicePrincipal.id
      resourceId  = $graphServicePrincipal.id
      appRoleId   = $role.id
   }
   ```
1. The request is a POST, since we are creating new objects:

   `Invoke-EntraRequest -Method Post -Path servicePrincipals/$($appServicePrincipal.id)/appRoleAssignments -Body $roleAssignment -ContentType application/json`

1. Excellent. Now for the second item on the agenda: Granting delegated consent for all users in the tenant! Searching for grants in the docs should
   eventually point you to [the docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/oauth2permissiongrant-post?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http).

   The consent type `AllPrincipals` does what it says on the tin: Grant consent for all users in the tenant! To use the consent type `Principal`, you
   would also specify a principal id, for example the object id of a user.

   The scope, this time, is a space-separated list of strings. Oh boy! The developers of this API endpoint did not like arrays, it seems.
   
   ```powershell
   $delegate = $graphServicePrincipal.oAuth2PermissionScopes | Where value -eq UserAuthMethod-WindowsHello.ReadWrite.All
   $oauth2PermissionGrant = @{
      resourceId  = $graphServicePrincipal.id
      consentType = 'AllPrincipals'
      clientId    = $appServicePrincipal.id
      scope       = $delegate.value -join ' ' # Or trust the $OFS
   }
   ```
1. This request goes to... the oauth2PermissionGrants endpoint! Contrary to what you would guess, this endpoint is not
   scoped to a service principal, but is an organization-wide resource.

   `Invoke-EntraRequest -Method Post -Path oauth2PermissionGrants -Body $oauth2PermissionGrant -ContentType application/json`
1. Awesome work! With all those steps done, we can **actually** use our app! Try signing in to it using `Connect-EntraService`!
   <details>
   <summary>Hint</summary>

   `Connect-EntraService -Service Graph -ClientID $appServicePrincipal.appId -TenantID (Get-AzContext).Tenant.Id`
   </details>
1. Try calling an endpoint you should not be able to access, such as `groups`

   `Invoke-EntraRequest -Path Groups`
1. Now for something more tricky: The application has the API permission to read all applications. Can you read all applications
   as a user?

   `Invoke-EntraRequest -Path applications`
1. Hmm. An exception? It seems, we are missing a final piece of the puzzle. Continue with some secrets!


## All the secrets

The third component of our journey towards a help desk app are credentials! Why, though? We were already able to sign-in
to the app, weren't we? Well: Interactively, yes. To be of use to us in automation tasks that are running non-interactively or
to be more specific may not be interrupted by MFA prompts and CA policies, we create secrets!

Logging into an app using a secret unlocks a different set of permissions for us, the application permnissions. So, after creating a
secret, you can sign-in as the application itself.

>NOTE: While we will create all three credential types, in practice you should try use use managed identities tied to
>resources or federated credentials tied to external identity providers such as Azure DevOps or GitHub as
>much as possible! Certificates and passwords get leaked, federated credentials can mitigate that risk.

### Client Secret

Client secrets are just that: A pre-shared secret with an expiration date! Let's create one and sign in:

1. We start with the [API docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-addpassword?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http) again. The Application resource supports adding all kinds of secrets!
   >NOTE: Take note of the request body parameters: They are all optional, meaning: This is the simplest credential to create!
1. Time to create a password and store it in a variable: `$clientSecret = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path applications/$($app.id)/addPassword -ContentType application/json`
1. `$clientSecret.secretText` now contains your client secret. Try logging in with it!
   <details>
   <summary>Show me</summary>

   `Connect-EntraService -Service Graph -ClientId $app.appId -ClientSecret ($clientSecret.secretText | ConvertTo-SecureString -AsPlaintext -Force) -TenantId (Get-AzContext).Tenant.Id`
   </details>
1. If all went well, you should not receive any exceptions. Our app role was `Application.Read.All`, so let's try reading all apps!

   `Invoke-EntraRequest -Path applications`
1. Nice work! Remember our purpose for this exercise, list all expired secrets? Armed with our new permissions, how would you get all expired secrets?
   <details>
   <summary>IDK, show me, maybe?</summary>

   ```powershell
   # Refresh the information
   $app = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "applications/$($app.Id)"

   # Get e.g. the password credentials aka client secrets
   $app.passwordCredentials
   ```
   </details>
1. Congratulations. Let's see if we can create a certificate next!

### Certificate

X509 Certificates, or public and private key pairs, are a bit more complicated to create via the command line,
but have the benefit of perceived security: Your certificate could be in a specific store, or stored on a smartcard and
secured with another key.

That being said, when used in a pipeline, the certificate has to be accessible by the pipeline and thus is not more
secure than the client secret.

Let's create one nonetheless! The trainer uses Linux and thus does not have the comfort of using `New-SelfSignedCertificate`, but you do you.

1. First, we need an actual certificate. This would usually come from your CA. According to the docs:
   - It has to be RSA, Entra ID does not support Elliptic Curves despite their maturity and efficiency
   - The key size should be 2048 bytes "for performance reasons" - I'd still recommend 4096 or even 8192 bytes
   - The hash algo should be one of SHA256, SHA384, or SHA512
1. For the purpose of this demo, let's create one. Windows users: [Look here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/entra/identity-platform/howto-create-self-signed-certificate)
   ```bash   
    openssl genrsa -out graphzahl.key 4096
    openssl req -new -key graphzahl.key -out graphzahl.csr -subj "/CN=GraphAutomationForFunAndProfit"
    openssl x509 -req -days 365 -in graphzahl.csr -signkey graphzahl.key -out graphzahl.crt
   ```
1. We need the byte code from our certificate in base64 in our request body.
   <details>
   <summary>IDK, show me, maybe?</summary>

   ```powershell
   # Refresh the information
   $body = @{
      keyCredentials = @(
         @{
               type        = 'AsymmetricX509Cert'
               usage       = 'Verify'
               key         = ((get-content ./graphzahl.crt -Raw) -replace '-*(BEGIN|END).*' -replace '\s+')
               displayName = "PowerShellIsAwesome"
         }
      )
   }
   ```
   </details>
1. With the body prepared, we can send the request to update our app registration.
   <details>
   <summary>Let's go alreadyyyy</summary>

   `Invoke-EntraRequest -Method Patch -Path applications/$($app.id) -Body $body -ContentType application/json`
   </details>
1. To connect, we use the private key to sign our request. On the trainer's Linux client, key and cert were
   converted to pfx first, on Windows you can skip that step and use the certificate you created.

   ```powershell
   openssl pkcs12 -inkey graphzahl.key -in graphzahl.crt -export -out graphzahl.pfx -passout pass:
   Connect-EntraService -Service Graph -Certificate ./graphzahl.pfx -ClientId $app.appId -TenantId (Get-AzContext).Tenant.Id
   ```
1. Success! Next up: Dream of a world where you don't need to handle any credentials!


### Workload Identity Federation (Federated Credential)

The gold standard of authenticating applications is - in your trainer's humble opinion - the federated credential. At
no point do you and your colleagues need to handle credentials any longer. Instead, we trust that the
external identity provider, for example Azure DevOps, is trusted to request (and receive) an access token for an object
authenticated with the external provider.

Let's create one! For this task to work, we need the external identity provider. For simplicity, we select
GitHub during this follow-along, as most if not all of you already have a GitHub account. Skip this section
if you don't.

1. Create a new GitHub repository
1. Create two new repository secrets:
   - AZURE_CLIENT_ID: This contains your App Id
   - AZURE_TENANT_ID: This should be your Tenant Id
1. Create a new workflow, copying the example from this folder to .github/workflows/oidc.yml
1. To create the [federated credentials](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/federatedidentitycredential-post?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http), we need some information about the external provider. For GitHub, the format is:
   - issuer: `https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com`
   - audience: `api://AzureADTokenExchange`
   - subject_claim depending on the type and your own org and repo (note that these examples use the org nyanhp and the repo entraauthtest):
      - A branch: `repo:nyanhp/entraauthtest:ref:refs/heads/main`
      - An Environment: `repo:nyanhp/entraauthtest:environment:prod`
      - A tag: `repo:nyanhp/entraauthtest:ref:refs/tags/release`
      - A Pull Request: `repo:nyanhp/entraauthtest:pull_request`
1. We select branch main as our subject claim. But you get the idea: A read-only app registration could be used for
   pull requests, while a write-enabled app registration could deploy your main branch!

   Prepare the federated credential request body next!
   <details>
   <summary>Let's go alreadyyyy</summary>

   ```powershell
   $body = @{
      audiences = @(
         'api://AzureADTokenExchange'
      )
      issuer    = 'https://token.actions.githubusercontent.com'
      name      = 'deploy-from-main'
      subject   = 'repo:nyanhp/entraauthtest:ref:refs/heads/main'
   }
   ```
   </details>
1. Lastly, post the new object: `Invoke-EntraRequest -Method Post -Path applications/$($app.id)/federatedIdentityCredentials -Body $body -ContentType application/json`
1. To test the sign-in, commit your new workflow and push your changes - the workflow should start and run to completion, displaying your app details!


## OData Query parameters

Not all resources on the Graph are created equally. The API endpoints we selected
so far support multiple [query parameters](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/query-parameters?tabs=http). For
this follow-along we're going to take the arguably most important ones as examples.

Why do we need to use these parameters, anyways? Why don't we simply use `Where-Object` to filter?
The reason is the same as with other data sources such as Active Directory or SQL: Retrieving all objects
to filter them later on is an unnecessary strain on the source. Think one step further: What if your API is rate-limited or you
pay per number of objects received? The old PowerShell mantra of "Filter early" is still true.

Query parameters include a `$` sign, meaning we need to escape that sign in our query.

### Select

The select query parameter can be used to select a subset of attributes to retrieve, similar to the `Properties` parameter
with the old `Active Directory` cmdlets.

We'll start by selecting only the stuff we need for our little script that finds expired secrets for us. What we
really need is the passwordCredentials, keyCredentials, id, appId and displayName. The rest is superfluous to us.

1. Not much to do here: `$app = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "applications/$($app.Id)?``$select=passwordCredentials,keyCredentials,id,appId,displayName"`
1. That's it!

Now, for some more interesting parameter: Expanding!

### Expand

The expand query parameter can be used to expand attributes that describe relations between resource types, for example
retrieving the federated credentials of an app registration.

Let's do just that!

1. First of all, refresh the current application again: `$app = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "applications/$($app.Id)"`
1. Try to see if you can get the federated credentials!
1. Well, that didn't work, did it? Maybe if we `$select` it? `$app = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "applications/$($app.Id)?``$select=federatedIdentityCredentials"`
1. Still no luck. But what happens when we expand the relational property? `$app = Invoke-EntraRequest -Path "applications/$($app.Id)?``$expand=federatedIdentityCredentials"`
1. Success! The relation is resolved and the credential we created earlier is returned.

### Filter

The filter query parameter is extremely useful, but it's syntax is a bit uncomfortable to use in PowerShell. It allows
filtering the result set before it is sent.

Let's start with a simple filter on the display name of the app.

1. This time, we retrieve all apps and filter: `Invoke-EntraRequest "applications?``$filter=displayName eq 'PSConf Anniversary: Graph 101'"`
1. Filter expressions can also be combined, of course: `Invoke-EntraRequest "applications?``$filter=startswith(displayName, 'PSConf') or endsWith(displayName, '101')"`
   >Oh no! An exception! Read it carefully...
   >To be able to use endsWith, we also need to specify a ConsistencyLevel of eventual. Meaning: We might miss app registrations that are created and not yet fully replicated.
1. Let's add the required header and try again: `Invoke-EntraRequest "applications?``$filter=startswith(displayName, 'PSConf') or endsWith(displayName, '101')" -Header @{ConsistencyLevel = 'eventual'}`
1. Nice. Now for something more interesting: Counting propery values and comparing in our filter. With applications, checking the API docs, we can see that the relational
   properties support counting, so that we can filter for all apps that have federated credentials.

   >Important: In PowerShell, we would often check if a count is greater or equal. While Graph supports `ge`, the attribute
   >`federatedIdentityCredentials` does not!

   ```powershell
   Invoke-EntraRequest 'applications?$filter=federatedIdentityCredentials/$count ne 0&$count=true' -Header @{ConsistencyLevel = 'eventual'}
   ```
1. Awesome! We're neeeearly done.

## Bringing it all together

We'll make this simple: Copy the full OIDC workflow to your GitHub repository and replace the mini-workflow from earlier. The code
itself is quite simple, especially for PSConfEU!

Commit, push, and witness our work come to fruition!

## Closing remarks

✅ Our workflow is configured, and retrieves expired secrets.
✅ Our helpdesk can reset Windows Hello.
✅ We're using the principle of least privilege
✅ We've configured secure credentials for our app

Going forward from here, you can customize your app registration and create new ones to fit your automation needs. Using
resource such as Azure Automation Runbooks you don't even need to handle federated credentials, as the platform does
it all for you and you can simply sign-in.
